hello and thank you for participating in
this experiment your task is to label
named entities in a given sentence into
three categories location organization
and person to assist you a computer
system will make initial guesses as you
enter the labeling interface you'll
notice that for some sentences certain
words are already highlighted these are
the systems initial guesses you can tell
their guesses because of the Stars
here the system's guesses might not
always be accurate and that's where you
come in to modify one of the systems
guesses click on the highlighted
word and then click on the category you
think belongs
to for words that aren't highlighted but
you think need to be labeled click on
the
category and then double click on the
word you can leave system guesses that
you think are correct when you're done
annotating a sentence click the submit
button
and it'll bring you to the next
sentence if you feel the need to go back
to a previous sentence you can click the
back button
here in order to remove an annotation
click on the highlighted word then move
over to the side panel and find the red
trash can click on the red trash can to
delete The
annotation when you're done updating
your annotations click
update then click the forward button to
go back to the current
sentence thank you again for
participating in this experiment and let
me know if you have any
questions